We are almost done with the sign up.
We have one issue left when the validation fails at pic and we are displaying Springer to user.
Let's let's show the issue first.
So filling the form and if you remember this user wanted gmail.com is basically exist in the back end.
But for this specific email address, I'm intentionally returning success response back.
So there is no validation error visible at this point.
But when we post the sign up, it's going to be failing and filling the form.
So hitting enter now the back end is rejecting the request with the validation error.
And here we are seeing the spinner on the button and the button is disabled.
Now let's fix this issue.
So adding a test to the interactions part again after the last test, it displays validation error coming
from back and adding a new one here so it hides spinner after sign up request.
Fails.
So we are going to.
Fill the form.
Click the button and it's going to be returning this validation error.
So just copying these lines from previous test pasting here.
But this time we will check the the spinner again.
We can find the spinner thing in the previous test like this one.
So here we are checking the spinner visibility.
And in this one we are checking spinner not to be there.
So just copying that line here.
And in this test pasting right here, so filling the form, clicking the button, sending request back
and and back and returns this error back 400 with the validation errors.
Then we are querying this spinner, which is having this roll status to be false, which means it's
not going to be in the document.
So just switching to the karma window and saving this one.
And here we see the test is failing.
The test is this one.
It hides spanner after sign up request fails.
Now we are going to fix this.
And we will fix it here in the sign up component here in the quick sign up.
When we are receiving the error here, we are handling the error case right here and the spinner visibility
is based on the this API progress thing.
So we can update the API progress at this point and we can set it to false.
So in the error case, when we receive an error from backend, we are saying the API progress is completed
and that's going to be updating the buttons spinner visibility.
We didn't need to do this in the success case because in the success case the form layout is totally
changed.
We are just hiding the input elements and we are just displaying a success message to user.
So we don't need that in the success case.
So saving this one.
And here we see the test is passing.
Now let's just this once again on browser filling the form.
Is there one?
Is there one at home?
Password.
Password, I think.
Enter.
And here we see.
The spinner is gone.
Now, after we receive the validation error from back end, the spinner is gone.
But the button is still disabled because we have the validation error for the email input.
As soon as we fix the validation error, now we can see the button is enabled.